Implement stakers UI and Gnosis merge (#62)
dappnode/DAppNodePackage-nethermind-xdai: getting-started.md

> # Nethermind - Gnosis (Execution Client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Nethermind - Gnosis Chain (Execution Client)
```

> Welcome to the Merged Mainnet Nethermind Execution Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Nethermind Gnosis Chain Execution Client.
```
Not mainnet!! lol
